Updated list of GUCs from TimescaleDB 2.23.0 (#4530)
timescale/docs: _partials/_timescaledb-gucs.md

| `enable_bulk_decompression` | `BOOLEAN` | `true` | Increases throughput of decompression, but might increase query memory usage |
| `enable_cagg_reorder_groupby` | `BOOLEAN` | `true` | Enable group by clause reordering for continuous aggregates |
| `enable_cagg_sort_pushdown` | `BOOLEAN` | `true` | Enable pushdown of ORDER BY clause for continuous aggregates |

> | `enable_cagg_wal_based_invalidation` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Use WAL to track changes to hypertables for continuous aggregates. This is not meant for production use. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_cagg_wal_based_invalidation` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Use WAL to track changes to hypertables for continuous aggregates. This feature is early access from TimescaleDB v2.23.0 |
```

| `enable_direct_compress_copy` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Enable experimental support for direct compression during COPY |
| `enable_direct_compress_copy_client_sorted` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Correct handling of data sorting by the user is required for this option. |
| `enable_direct_compress_copy_sort_batches` | `BOOLEAN` | `true` | Enable batch sorting during direct compress COPY |

> | `enable_direct_compress_insert` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Enable experimental support for direct compression during INSERT |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_direct_compress_insert` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Enable support for direct compression during INSERT. This feature is early access from TimescaleDB v2.23.0 |
```

> | `enable_direct_compress_insert_client_sorted` | `BOOLEAN` | `false` | Correct handling of data sorting by the user is required for this option. |

Reviewer: I don't understand what you are trying to say.
